after being bombarded
mediated by their social outlets
vicente matías vuoso broke the silence
that he kept throughout the tournament and
criticized the media that published
photographs of him at a dance on Sunday
at night
obvious that does bother annoying like
bother a lot of things seems to just
all this semester it seems that the aunt
goes to a concert and they already title it
partying for all
I went to vallarta in a week that did not
He played and say there needs to be
give the face as are the things I
I always come and give my face
I do not have anime or problem if you have any
problem with me I did it when
I have problems with you and me too
I do not speak for the same thing because there are people
after hurting many people also that
it has nothing to do
I say they put public-private things that do not
that they do not go the case was with regard to what
others who make a campaign with me
it seems that they want to blame me for something
when I played three games nothing more in
the whole tournament
and they want to blame something I talk more
this week from me that the salvation of the
completion thing that for me neither at
If that is I'm not beyond
silver or anything I'm a guy who came
to do things well and nothing else if
they want to throw me things that are not
it is already the case of other people and without
memory you did not tell me the first thing if
obviously I am a guy who always goes
in front
On the other hand, the Argentine defender
leandro cufré announced that they will not follow the
atlas the next season then according to
He said there was no interest from the leadership and
of the coaching staff so that his
race with the foxes also indicated that
the next atlas game could be
the last one for him and he said that he
dismiss from the hobby
there is also something left to say to greet
this weekend to the fans of the
back because good surely this is
an important match where we
we have to win and good is the last
party that we are going to have of local and gives
the circumstance is this going to be my
surely my last game at home
in front of the people I'm probably going to
say hello as if people do not base me
in reality, the most important thing is
reality or indicates that it was not
my representative here but but hey no
there was nothing clear then it is very clear
and it is very clear how is the situation and
always happy happy because
two and a half years that came here leads
many battles and libero I had to live
very important moments and I still think
that we hope to enter
liguilla and that we are going to try and
well I already played a league and we had
three times fighting not to descend and
the objectives were met so
surely if I have to go, I will go very
happy and very happy with what was done and
If you will not be later but good
reality indicates that this weekend
It will be my last game with
in the cup he knows
with information from alberto gonzález e
images of eva becerra reported for
cut out b jazmine sideways
ah